welcome sunset motors my name is Frank
Gerard it's a sharp 2009 Ford Econoline
a 150 this one has a new body style you
upgraded interior a few more buttons
it's got keyless entry get the backup
sensors it's a very good condition just
been serviced got four new tires
your brakes and your battery all change
it's ready for the water
doesn't have to tow mirrors the manual
but you can extend them here's your
power windows locks and the power
mirrors got nice clean cloth seats
comfortable at the rubber floor for easy
maintenance got ninety five thousand six
hundred thirty one miles I've seen these
vans with three four hundred thousand
miles if you take care of them they last
a long time and cruise control wiping
control let's get the overdrive if you
decided to something
climate control am/fm/cd outlet auxilary
input nice console with cup holders and
storage lockable bin let's get the
pass-through door
vans in pretty good shape no sign of
excessive warrior
service
body's in good shape
he's a Lodi tires it's got the tire
pressure sensors you can control your
locks from here - and that's handy
between 9 the keyless entry
that's better than a manual got plenty
of storage bins to rub the floor
as you can see it's pretty clean whoever
had it before then work too hard
I've seen summer twenty thousand miles
in look this good
get the 4.6 liter v8 plenty of fire and
decent fuel mileage and reliable
everything's nice and clean ready to go
Dugan for a nice pork van in excellent
condition an affordable price this
should do it we have competitive
financing available we're low interest
rate in good terms to see if this vans
still for sale go to my website sunset
marlin calm it's on the website for sale
if not it's sold we do ship worldwide if
you need a shipping quote or have any
other questions you can give me a call
anytime toll free eight seven seven two
six five one six seven nine thank you
for watching